<!-- Container Queries :::: WORKOUT -->

# **Container Queries :::: WORKOUT**

-   Aggressively study CSS Container Queries from A - Z
-   Create a cheatsheet for CSS Container Queries

### **Deduce the effectiveness** of CSS Container Queries as to their applicability and performance pertaining to a '**COMPONENT-BASED**' strategy.

-   **COMPONENT-BASED** strategy is a design pattern that focuses on the separation of concerns by breaking down the application into self-sustaining, independent components that can be reused across the application.
-   **Goal:** Hopefully, with a strict adherence to application constraints and a '**Container Query Guideline and Strategy**', a Web-Component driven application will manifest a **bug-free**, responsive, and unique site dynamic: with less code, less complexity, and less maintenance. **Fingers Crossed!** By completely mastering the '**Container Query**' concept, we will enable a team of **Native-Web-Components** so engineered has to be equipped with an **ENVIRONMENTAL-ADAPTABILITY** with very little or absolutely without any modifications necessary.
-   Counting on investing the time and resources up front to firmly grasp the native CSS potential coupled with TypeScript's constraining Types in order to build a developmental strategy that will be completely **scalable** and inherently **maintainable**: this concept will have a foundation of relying upon the '**BROWSERS**' future progressions and advancements and less on '**FRAMEWORKS**' and the industry's pernicious and dangerous habit of utilizing a monstrous array of '**DEPENDENCIES**' with the average application. These dependencies offer developmental shortcuts, which in turn might speed up production, though invariably will lead to a costly **MAINTENANCE NIGHTMARE** and a definite growing **DEVELOPMENTAL DEBT** creating obstructions to the application's **SCALABILITY**.
-   Having dove deep and reconnoitered inquisitively our **Team Webelistics™️** 'Discovery-Team' gleaned an exhaustive intelligence on the subject matter of software engineering and its implementation both intuitively, and professionally. Furthermore, in the formulation of purposing this **Road-Map** for our journey forward, the team would be remiss if it disregarded the integration and the inclusion of a **Business Model**. Observing the many routes for this traversaL forward logic demands a seamless interface between the administrative and engineering bodies of the endeavor. Deeply thought out and not without chagrin; and having the resemblance of a **loosely-coupled** software architecture in its paradigm, the **Business Model** will be closely woven together with the engineering concepts as to have '**telling indicators**' in the accumulation of processes or rather "**processees**" (Not standard English, but I wish Webster would give it an inclusionary thumbs-up! It describes the sum of processes without having to use the plural of process. Okay, I am sorry! If I'm trying to rewrite the English Language, good luck, uh? Implying? As a matter of fact I am! The implication is this: sometimes logic dictates, no better yet mandates, an alternative that is not found on the beaten path. I am implying that there is too much reliance in the industry on Package Dependencies, libraries and frameworks. Wait a minute now! I am not against these perse, but the abuse thereof and a compelling laziness of engineers. Whoa, whew, that rotten tomato almost found its mark. We are all guilty as charged, but in reality the foundational tools have seen great advancements and with them a great potential. It is hard to check the decades old ruts of normalcy, and smell the coffee of using available tools that have no maintenance needs with any updates; because their kernel of existence rest's within the browsers themselves. Hot-diggity-dog! No updates or maintenance required! Now that's exciting! It's the equivalent of a full-blown paradigm shift: almost supernatural I suppose; yep! ). Truly, with web components, once the developer understands and puts all of the pieces in play, he can implement a component based development strategy that's not too far removed from the like's of Facebook's React; and with a whole lot more leg room to boot. Your Pineal Gland will reactivate and begin to grow again. And with it, the flood gates of imagination, and a reawakened creativity which at once hyper-inflates with an enthusiasm that has long been deflated. Excited about coding again, and your coding career, you bring your best to bear. Mumbling a new (year) resolution you actively turn the woes of Ai to your favor by creating multiple assistants to help you with the mundane tasks of coding thereby freeing that creative mind to expand, create, and grow. **THAT IS ENOUGH ALREADY!**
